NATIVE-EARTHLING
================

NATIVE-EARTHLING.ORG non-profit organization 501C3 Future technology focusing on sustainable renewable resources. Broadcasting interactive Internet to increase knowledge and unify the Global Community. please spread the word! we are all certifiably natives on the planet. WE ARE ALL NATIVES TO THIS PLANET EARTH. PLEASE HELP EARTH'S FUTURE IN ANY WAY THAT YOU CAN! i am very adept, (yet nieve) regarding computer science. I HAVE ENROLLED IN A MASTERS DEGREE PROGRAM OF COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY. I AM ALSO ENROLLED IN A DOCTORAL DEGREE PROGRAM OF SCIENCE OF NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONAL LEADERSHIP.   I INTEND ON SUPPLYING THE WORLD WITH INTERACTIVE INTERNET TO INCREASE KNOWLEDGE AND UNIFY THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY. THE PURPOSE OF THE WEB SITE IS A PORTAL FOR THE WORLD TO INTERACT REGARDING THE MOST PRECIOUS RESOURCE THIS PLANET HAS: HUMAN RESOURCES . ON BEHALF OF WHAT NATIVE-EARTHLING.ORG PLANS TO HELP START A MASS MOVEMENT of 'FUTURE OUTCOME RESPONSIBILITY', and 'opportunity awareness'. I HAVE PURCHASED THE WEB SPACE. I HAVE requested ACCREDITATION WITH THE UNITED NATIONS. I have established this as a 501c3 (tax exempt) organization, accepting charitable donations. Native Earthling is donating trees to be planted all over the world  by the World Organization of the Scout (Boy Scouts of America). Your personal involvement would be honored. The INTERNET is the resource to broadcast information help me organize and sustain our precious resources.  ~ AUGUST CRAFT founder / president / executive director